ADOBE

Adobe Firefly Gen AI Models and services group is looking for a Firefly models & Services architect interested in working on generative AI models for image, vector, audio, video and multimodal to help us build the next generation of foundation models that power Adobe creative tools.

 We are looking for a passionate architect with deep machine learning expertise who can contribute to building, optimizing and deploying model pipelines to be used by Adobe’s innovative and Industry leading  products in imaging, 3D, vector and Audio/Video domains.

As a Firefly model architect, you will join an outstanding team of ML and service engineers building the future of digital experiences. You will help set long-term technical strategy and work across multiple Adobe teams to architect the pipelines of the future foundation models at Adobe. You will be empowered to make meaningful architecture decisions and prioritize model optimization experiments. You will have the opportunity to develop novel ideas to advance the creativity world through features in Adobe's products and reach millions of people worldwide!

Job Responsibilities

Help architect and optimize large-scale foundation model pipelines in Generative AI

Design and develop the GenAI backend services for Firefly, creating GPU optimized, efficient model pipelines that power the generative AI features on Firefly website, PPro, Photoshop, Illustrator, Express, Stock and other applications/surfaces

Collaborate with outstanding Applied researchers and engineers to bring ideas to production

Provide technical leadership and mentorship for junior team members.

Explore and research new and emerging ML and MLOps technologies to continuously improve Adobe`s GenAI engineering effectiveness and efficiency

Review and provide feedback on features, technology, architecture, designs and test strategies.

What you'll need to succeed

Masters or Ph.D. in Computer Science, AI/ML or related fields or B.Tech and strong experience in AI/ML.

10+ years of experience

3+ years as a Lead/Architect

Excellent communication and technical leadership skill.

Experience in tech leading large number of contributors on time sensitive and business critical GenAI projects.

Experience in state-of-the-art Generative AI technologies, such as GAN, diffusion, transformer models

Strong hands-on experience with large-scale GenAI model pipelines and/or shipping ML features

Strong collaboration skill. Experience with working in a Matrix organization, driving alignment, drawing conclusions and getting things done

Preferred experience:

Experience training or optimizing models. (CUDA, Triton, TRT, AOT)

Experience converting models from various frameworks like PyTorch and TensorFlow to other target formats, to ensure compatibility and optimized performance across different platforms

Good publication record in Computer Science, AI/ML or related fields